if you are 21 years old today and you
start by investing just a hundred
dollars a month which is just over three
dollars a day
and you do this consistently until you
retire until you're 65 years old 66
years old and you can get an average 10
return on your money that doesn't mean
it's a 10 return every single year it's
an average 10 return over the course of
investment which is the average stock
market return you will retire a
Millionaire on the 100 investment
assuming you never increase the amount
of money you're investing in we're
talking about less than four dollars a
day
that that's a hundred dollars a month
not a one-time hundred dollars hundred
dollars a month yeah less than four
dollars a day you put a hundred dollars
a month for the rest of your life and so
even if you get a raise and you never
put another Penny into your Investments
you will be able to retire a Millionaire
on the four dollars a day that you're
putting aside